---
translationKey: '20140723'
lang: 'en'
title: 'Ten Days'
---

In a blink it's the 23rd.

Counting today, this is my tenth day working at Kingsoft. We Chinese do love our round numbers. So on a day like this, let me take stock of myself once more.

Work-wise, today things finally seemed to get on track. Far less time spent goofing off; more of the time I was running at full throttle. For that I probably have the GTD app to thank. Packing my life and work full turns out to be quite a pleasant thing after all.

So what did I do today? Dug into the data (retention is so low I don't even want to start

Finally finished the new-server list screen and the home page (I want to keep polishing, but why does it always feel so bare? And this damn download button, where the hell is it supposed to go! I'm a game launcher, not Duba!

Trying out the Kugou game box (does just-installed count

Customer support duty ongoing (way too damn many oddballs

----

Truth is, my use of time still isn't good enough. Need to find a moment to properly plan the coming tasks and goals.

Also bought Simple and Usable; about to start reading.

----

Life-wise.. holy crap, it appears I have no private life. Planning to slowly introduce my dear to the people in the office, so that later we'll have things to chat about! Fine, at least I'll have things to say =.= on a hundred ways to communicate with one's goofy girl

---

Every time I write it's deep into the night, and my brain doesn't quite turn over. I'm also still not used to this way of writing. I'll adapt slowly, or try adjusting it.
